hey what's going on you two iPod Touch
variety with another theme review for
black light and this is a version 3.2
you can just find it in cydia and
download it so let's go ahead and go to
the home screen check it out and as you
can see is a very attractive thing has
some pretty actually some pretty decent
support for the icons so I can't really
complain about that and when you look at
this team right here doesn't it kind of
remind you of a team called glass glory
like the icons are not transparent but
it does kind of have like the glass lark
look and what it pretty much does is not
it doesn't give you any lowering springs
anything like that but it does change
the icons so let's take a look at the
battery screen while charging as you can
see this changes the color the battery
slide down lock nice arrow I and here's
what it looks like one is not charging
gives you a pretty slick background and
I wish that I kind of wish that
background with just being a bat ki like
the springboard background like this
lock screen wallpaper they should just
use that for the for the real background
if you ask me so let's take a look at
the music right quick the music
just a second I it does change your look
controls you see you changes it to like
a darker like the slider is gray and
controls down there or black it's pretty
much all it changes there and it does
the same for the like the YouTube player
in a movie lawyer and there's not much
else like say about overall it's a
pretty nice simplistic thing they don't
do too much and that's a good thing for
me sometimes because some teams are like
on Cydia they go too far like the
loading screens and stuff I mean some of
them are good but a lot of times it's
just not even necessary and this is all
you need to something basically like
this or nice icons give you a ipod touch
or iphone a nice classy look and just
make it look different from the other
ones out there so that is my review be
sure to comment rate subscribe and as I
always say all my team reviews will be
in a play list above and also on my team
reviews from my old to kill bloody
claymore those are being that playlist
also so you all have a good one and I'm
out peace